
To do and/or consider (no particular order):

* Optimize writing files

  Currently writing does a lot of updates of the file header block (with
  adfFileFlush() - which also writes the block and update allocation map).
  This has some advantages:
  - less data (blocks) lost on a powercut (only the last, incompletely
    saved data block is lost in such case)
  but also some (important) drawbacks:
  - lower performace
  - extensive writing on disks (attention with flash drives!)
  This was done as a relatively quick and safe first implementation, but can
  (and probably should) be (carefully) improved.


* File / file blocks implementation in general

  This is kind of related with the thing above - the file i/o performance
  could be improved and file state management (probably) could be easier
  if some file block cache subsystem was added and separated from file.


* Review all subsystems and add tests

  In particular, directory cache. But also bitmap allocation code or utilities
  like undelete.


* Implement more disk utilities

  undelete, checkdisk, defragment and similar.
  (Some functionality maybe can be in the library, but some probably should go
  to utility programs - like in case of any repair/recovery tools, where
  algorithms/methods used can differ).

  - undelete is partially done with adfsalvage (and src/adf_salv.c)
    the main things left are:
    - add extracting files (do not change the filesystem on ADF, but just
      save files outside, on the local filesystem)
    - adf_salv / adfUndelFile: add reverting of adfCreateEntry() in case
      adfAddInCache() fails
    - consider moving undelete/salvage functionality from the library
      to utilities (not sure if this is necessary in the library...)

* Better test "native" (physical) devices

  This is a tricky one and must be done carefully.

  Tested briefly on Linux and Win32 - seem to work fine, but:
  - more extensive testing would be good
  - some automatic testing would be even better

  To see if possible to test automatically in CI (it might be not possible in
  GH actions, it may require eg. a VM (or some special box, dedicate for such
  purpose).

* Test dircache

  So far, no "real" ADFs (real devices or dumps of such, so ie. not ones
  created with the ADFlib) with dircache enabled were encountered (only
  testffs.adf, one of the test images in ADFlib...). So, seemingly no real need
  for testing this - but it should be done at some point.

* Review and update the API

  Make consistent prefixing in all modules/subsystems, to separate namespace
  of the ADFlib and (in the second part) of a (sub)module.
  
  (mostly done, leaving this here as a remainder in case of any remnants...)

* Update API documentation
  ...

* Move salvage/undelete code from the library to the tools (examples)

  Why?
  1. This kind of code is not at all a core part of the library. It is more
     application/utility level functionality. This is more special (forensics)
     utility than generic data access functionality (which is core purpose of
     the library).
  2. It is tricky to make it really complete - if it is possible at all...
     There can be plenty of special cases and many changes may be required
     on the way.
  3. The above could enforce changing (unnecessarily) major version of
     the library (as a sign of a modified API) what implies cascade changes
     in dependencies of dependent software.

  Why not?
  1. It might be nice for client software to have such functionality (undelete)
     ready to use.

  All in all it seems to have little sense to keep it as a part of the library.
  Moving it to examples (for use as part of adfsalvage) seems to be a better
  solution.
